{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12560\viewh8600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi John,\
With the assistance of additional readings from 
\f1\i SQL All-in-One for Dummies
\f0\i0 , I made decent progress on phpMyAdmin! And while I haven\'92t fully grasped this way of thinking, I understand things a little more each day.\
\
I kept all *_ids as part of my Track Table, except artist_id, which is now a composite table with track_id. I managed to insert some data into six of eight tables, starting with the smallest ones, except: track and genre. My genre table is not doing what I think it should. I have all fields for my Track Table except a genre_id. All I can see is a chicken-egg situation: Which is it asking for first? The genre table won\'92t AI, so I don\'92t have its id to insert into my track table. However, the genre id field showing as a Foreign key, so I think I\'92ve messed up somewhere.\
\
I\'92ve done a few things to try to force one or the other, but I have NOT deleted the genre table and started over. Perhaps I should. Also, I am not confident enough at this point to pose this question to the group; I\'92m probably an out-lier.\
\
I welcome your feedback. Thanks for your continued patience!\
\
Rhonda\
\
}