{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green200\blue201;
\red19\green80\blue147;\red199\green200\blue201;\red26\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c82147\c82540\c82727;
\cssrgb\c7458\c39706\c64394;\cssrgb\c81961\c82353\c82745;\cssrgb\c13333\c14510\c16078;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Previous comments:\
>>>
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Yeah, I second-guessed myself ... I think I need to noodle a little more to decide which option, probably the latter, but I don\'92t fully grasp it yet because I can\'92t see it in my mind\'92s eye \'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 RE images \'85 I am not articulating nor diagraming my idea: I plan to use two types of images 1) cover album artwork or 2) dance track style pose. So, I think images need to be referenced in track_style. Only the styles would be represented by poses \'97 all other tracks would default to cover art (phpMyAdmin can stipulate that, I think). Guess I\'92m making it difficult for myself here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 I\'92m going to noodle on it further. Thanks,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dig540-2020.slack.com/team/U019P0F58E9"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \strokec5 \uc0\u8234 @John Bell}}, for the feedback. More to come.<<<\
\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 \

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 After giving this more thought, I think I need a do-over. Given my previous imagined ideas, I need six entity tables: Track, Disc, Image, Genre, Style, and Artist (perhaps a seventh, a lookup table for Origin). I realize, however, that my Track entity should contain the most attributes, and I will try to compress tables and their information. So, I\'92ve formed a new schema design, and now I\'92m not at all sure if I\'92m close. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Every Track is to be represented by only one Artist, Style, and Image (e.g., a dance Style pose or, absent that, album artwork). Tracks could represent multiple Genres. (For example, I\'92ve seen a fantastic choreography of belly dancers perform to an AC/DC tune. Squirrel Nut Zippers [swing/bing band genre] and Burlesque dancing is another.) Do I need more fields for my image table, as I have it as a FK going into its image_id slot?\
\
Considering these words now, I wonder if I need a Genre table \'96 as in, does it benefit me? There could be overlap with Style; the metadata will still be valuable, I think. I will leave it. However, a look-up table for Origin seems in order, but \'85 I welcome all feedback, professor!\
\
}