{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16860\viewh14000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-2196\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Hi, professor!\
I thought it\'92d be easier to respond to each of your points here, set off with >>>s \'85 \
1. I made a silly error and several mistakes and assumptions, so thanks for the very helpful feedback! \
2. I am aiming for bare-bones coding/naming conventions and understand the need to be consistent.\
\
Take two \'85 with streams of thought typed in as I go \'85\
\
Hi Rhonda-Looking at your assignment from last week, things look pretty good overall. A couple of points to pay attention to though:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-2196\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The way 'style' is constructed seems a bit odd to me. Are tracks and discs referencing the same styles? >>>I definitely missed it here, both in thought and table placement. Potentially, each disc may be comprised of many styles, yet each disc may not necessarily be labeled as any particular style. Thus, the first-attempt lean to place the Style table beside my Track table.<<< I think disc_style is meant to be a lookup table but it's not connected to the actual style table. >>>Correct.<<< Is there also supposed to be a track_style table? I think the intent here is to set up a structure similar to what you did with the genre table >>>Without placing it on Lucid, I think two look-up tables are needed: Style + Track and Style + Disc.<<<\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You mention visuals, but there's nowhere to store the album covers in here >>>Doh! I was so singularly focused on audio tracks that I overlooked my desire to display visuals \'85 Hmmm, which makes me question whether Tracks need an image or only Discs \'85 One image per disc, I think.<<<\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This structure assumes a track can't appear on more than one disc - is that a limitation you're willing to build into the system? Ok if so, just making sure it's intentional >>>No, that was an oversight, too. Any Track may appear on any Disc, so a Many-to-many relationship is required.<<<\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You could probably clean up some of the field names - there's no need to carry over conventions (like putting D in the titles of fields referring to discs) in this context. >>>Yes, I now see why and how I can trim the field names. These videos helped a great deal. I took screenshots and scribbled all over them.<<<\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-2196\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Like I said, though, it's mostly good! >>>Thank you, John. Take two on charting \'85<<<\
\
>>>OK, I\'92m still not sure about 1) the Style tables, since each track will represent only one style and 2) a couple of the end points RE Style. Also, now that I look at my schema printed out, I have two independent Style tables, which could seemingly cancel each other out, where I could combine them; however, since each track can only be one style and each disc can have multiple styles, I\'92m leaving them separate. Is this permissible?\
\
}