001/README.md, before:

## Unit 1 - Tech Setup

Hi everyone! This week is all about getting the environment set up. The videos below will show you how to create the accounts and download the software you'll need throughout this semester. If you run into any problems just ask for help in Slack.

**Videos**

- Introduction to DIG540: <https://vimeo.com/231592995>
- Installing Slack: <https://vimeo.com/138143812>
- Setting up Reclaim: <https://vimeo.com/138143813>
- Creating a GitHub Account: <https://vimeo.com/138143816>
- Configuring Visual Studio Code: tk

**Links**

Installing Git: <https://www.visualstudio.com/learn/install-and-set-up-git/>

You'll want to install Git before installing Visual Studio Code. This link provides instructions for setting up Git on Windows, MacOS, and Linux.

Installing Visual Studio Code: <https://code.visualstudio.com/>

This link has a button where you can download the version of Visual Studio Code for your operating system. Once it's installed, check the configuring video above for how to set it up with the course's GitHub repository.

Git Basics: <http://git-scm.com/video/what-is-version-control>

You should watch this video to get an idea of why Git was created and what it is used for in everyday practice. There are _many_ resources about Git on the web if you want to learn more, but we will only be using it to send assignment files back and forth in this course so you don't have to worry about most of its functionality. Git is definitely a good thing to know, though!

Try GitHub: <https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1>

Most of our interaction with Git will be handled by Visual Studio Code so you shouldn't have to actually use the command line interface much (or at all, with luck). However, if you want a little more of an introduction to what Git is actually doing I'd suggest running through this tutorial. It will show you the commands that the client is actually running behind the scenes and give you another example of the concepts that Git uses.

**Assignment**

Install the software in the videos and create your GitHub account. Then, fork the <http://github.com/novomancy/dig540> repository. Once the fork is created, send me the link to your fork as a direct message in Slack. Clone your fork onto your local computer and add a helloworld.txt file to the 001 directory (like I did in the video), then sync it back to GitHub. The end result should be that your fork will have one more file than the master.

Also, set up your Reclaim account or let me know if you have another hosted environment already. Since the video linked above is a couple years old the signup page looks a little different and the price is slightly higher than I say in the video but it's still ridiculously cheap and convenient!

**The assignment should be done by Wednesday Sept. 6th.**

Commit message:

Added reminder to set up github first

001/README.md, after:

## Unit 1 - Tech Setup

Hi everyone! This week is all about getting the environment set up. The videos below will show you how to create the accounts and download the software you'll need throughout this semester. If you run into any problems just ask for help in Slack.

**Videos**

- Introduction to DIG540: <https://vimeo.com/231592995>
- Installing Slack: <https://vimeo.com/138143812>
- Setting up Reclaim: <https://vimeo.com/138143813>
- Creating a GitHub Account: <https://vimeo.com/138143816>
- Configuring Visual Studio Code: tk

**Links**

Before going to the first link, make sure you have your GitHub account set up.

Installing Git: <https://www.visualstudio.com/learn/install-and-set-up-git/>

You'll want to install Git before installing Visual Studio Code. This link provides instructions for setting up Git on Windows, MacOS, and Linux.

Installing Visual Studio Code: <https://code.visualstudio.com/>

This link has a button where you can download the version of Visual Studio Code for your operating system. Once it's installed, check the configuring video above for how to set it up with the course's GitHub repository.

Git Basics: <http://git-scm.com/video/what-is-version-control>

You should watch this video to get an idea of why Git was created and what it is used for in everyday practice. There are _many_ resources about Git on the web if you want to learn more, but we will only be using it to send assignment files back and forth in this course so you don't have to worry about most of its functionality. Git is definitely a good thing to know, though!

Try GitHub: <https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1>

Most of our interaction with Git will be handled by Visual Studio Code so you shouldn't have to actually use the command line interface much (or at all, with luck). However, if you want a little more of an introduction to what Git is actually doing I'd suggest running through this tutorial. It will show you the commands that the client is actually running behind the scenes and give you another example of the concepts that Git uses.

**Assignment**

Install the software in the videos and create your GitHub account. Then, fork the <http://github.com/novomancy/dig540> repository. Once the fork is created, send me the link to your fork as a direct message in Slack. Clone your fork onto your local computer and add a helloworld.txt file to the 001 directory (like I did in the video), then sync it back to GitHub. The end result should be that your fork will have one more file than the master.

Also, set up your Reclaim account or let me know if you have another hosted environment already. Since the video linked above is a couple years old the signup page looks a little different and the price is slightly higher than I say in the video but it's still ridiculously cheap and convenient!

**The assignment should be done by Wednesday Sept. 6th.**
