{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DIG 540 Fall 2017 Week 4 Paul Smitherman\
SmitherWorld4 Audio Schema\
\
I\'92ve been creating media for more than 40 years. I have managed to hold onto much, but not all of it. Almost all of what I have in my possession now is from the last 30 years. These works exist in a variety of formats: audio cassette, VHS, .mp3, Flash .swf, .mp4, etc. For a long time I\'92ve wanted to collect all of these into one space on the cloud, and provide a useful interface for use primarily by family and friends. This week\'92s assignment represents a first step towards creating a schema for a database which encompasses a broad range of media types. This schema for audio works is an attempt to describe my collection of sound recordings. Some recordings have multiple artists. The schema also includes spatial information as a historical feature. Some recordings have multiple locations, where for example, a track may have been sent to another artist for the addition of another part. Month and year of the recording are also included.\
I have not done much in terms of database design before this. I have worked on projects where someone else did the schema and I handled the hardware/software. This is new territory for me, but very useful as I have always wanted to learn more about practical database design. }